# Jarldom
Personal Game project being done currently as a group of friends. Jarldom is a roguelike deck builder where your goal is to collect resources from settlements and eliminate opposing Jarls of your land to expand your kingdom and bring wealth to your people. The game will be aimed at a 13+ audience as there will be some blood but not to an extreme. The art style will be a little more cartoonish and take a fun approach to how we display the gods and warriors and will play with historical accuracy but not complete as we will set it in fictional lands but borrow from the Nordic mythology. 

You will be able to collect resources from foreign lands to upgrade your village and to spend for increasing your favor with your chosen gods. You will be able to build and upgrade buildings in your home village to give buff to your units, give more powerful effects to your lord, and increase the rewards of your adventures. You will also be able to upgrade your boat that you use to go raiding to increase the size of your deck of warriors and to reduce chances for potential unpleasant events in your sailing. 

Adventuring first starts with picking whether you will travel inland on your island to take over the villages of rival Jarls where you will rally your warband and march on your rivals for a boss fight. If you successfully defeat the Jarl, you will gain new expansions to your village that you will be able to build, and new warrior types that are special to the Jarls. Your other choice will be to embark on raiding parties where you will go and raid the lands of those with more forgiving soil. Take food and materials from the inhabitants to bring on your boat back to your jarldom to help feed your people and build to survive the harsh climates of home. But what will you bring home as you cannot carry the entire world back on your boat, and is it worth risking your soldiers for better loot? 

Your units will have persisted health through combat so you will have to be technical which who you use as you enter a battle as you might want to the save the better unit at low health for a tougher fight. You will as be able to play cards that invoke the gods to buff your warriors or to destroy your enemies, and the more you pray to those gods for their boons, the more watchful eye they will keep on their favorite subject. You of course also can access the supplies you brought to arm your warriors with so that they may fight longer and bloodier. 

The goal of the game is to take your whole home island over from the opposing Jarls so that you can become the king of your home island. Then you shall set sail for the lands of the more fortunate to show them what a band of savages can do when organized. 
